expr.paren.evaluation: fix and make more simple (#2158)
rust-lang/reference: src/expressions/grouped-expr.md

Parenthesized expressions evaluate to the value of the enclosed operand.

r[expr.paren.place-or-value]

> The enclosed operand can be either [a place expression or a value expression][place].

Reviewer: I think this isn't quite getting at the purpose of the rule. It is saying that the group expression itself is either a place or value expression based on whether its operand is a place or value expression. How about something like this:

```suggestion
A parenthesized expression is a [place expression][place] if the enclosed operand is a place expression, and is a value expression if the enclosed operand is a value expression.
```

Author: Your suggestion repeats the rule just before this one:
> Parenthesized expressions evaluate to the value of the enclosed operand.

Would you rather rules be this independent?

Author: hm, I think I am conflating `value` and expressions category`
